i know i am not good and i never wanna think about good and bad deeds it is just meaningless to me'
i am drunk right noe that might be the reason and courage i have right noew to express my feelings ,,,,,,
in the beginning i an confused about my life goals i dont wanna be 9  5 job moreover i dont wanna be a business induced stress ful life ,,, i wanna be a free sou;life i want wings to fly i want to go to sky i want to be dire like a legeng ..
 i dont want a death due to aging or death on bed that seems boring ,,,,,,what i want a death like exploring actually i dont want to be dead i want my soul be to be free and discover the secrets of the reality and world ...
  i want to go to space and discover the origin and purpose of lifre ,,,, we are not born to please other souls or this so called fake society as a human we want attention of others we want to be recognised but in reality we fed up pwith this 
  system ... it seems lke a complex mathematical evaluated expression to control human life through desire, purpose and what so called feed.
  this life wants to be different and so that called want to be recognised a special than other lifes 
  we are not special just because we are superior to others or just we can do the thing which are not able to done by others easily ..
   we want to have a fake feeling of speciality so we can just gignore the purposely facts of life and move forward..
   
.........................................
the reality of today 's world live in virtuality where everyone wants to be treated as special as other one so he can fell someone fulfillment and felling of accomplished where in reality it is a joke of some misconception

to find the truth just remeber 
:
to every viscosity and adersity there may be a chance and member and time to advert your situation and time but you must survive and believe\
that a thousand fold flowr can blossom as fresh as lily a day if the believe is stroger
you can accomplish anything if your believe is true to yourself
keep fucking moving forward.........................
----------------------------------------
 i an tired of every single fucking day to pretend someone else where i forget this journey is to discover nysellf i am going to discover myself no matter how difficult ids this how much struggle i have to go how much rules i have to break
 how much society discourage i will strive i will relive i wi;; move forward i will go forward .... i know it may not be easy it never was
 if it was then every one can do it ...
 i was chosen in a race of million ... when there us chance of to be pretenf\d ANYBODY I CHOOSE TO B MYSELG\G if i have to move forward i myust forget what it likes to be heart what it likes to be ok
 i ut learn what it likes to be fl what it likes to be struggle.................
 i still remembr te days i am unemployed i feel life a vampire just biting his teeth through my skin i can litterally feel the despaier and unwiillingless in my self today but the passion and fire that i have earlirer is now just frozen and waiting for to be awaken...................
 chamding life is not easy especially when everything is goinh\gn smoothly but i have to tust ny instinctinct with great power comes great responsibility........
 
 if i cant understabd ny power i cant make the best use of itand i might not be able to change the world.........
 believe that a sinfle spirit is enogh to break the wall ,,shatter the chains,,,,,,,,burn the thousand fold glasssssss......
 just keep fuckng moving forward................
 forward............
 you can change itttttttttttttt.
 how do i know ....?
 bcause you already change it/.................
 
 
 thousand swords burn to make one .. am insignificant flame burn to raouyou the conquerester,,,,,,,,,,,,,,
 go with the high spirit just keep movong forward